README.md, before:

Booltron—super add-on for super fast booleans.

Features:

* Faster boolean operations with large number of objects.
* Destructive and non-destructive workflows.
* Works with Curve and Text objects.
* Various adjustment options to get better results from boolean operations.
* Checks for non-manifold.

**[Watch demo video.](https://youtu.be/KxbJSUQpw7I)**


How to install
==========================

### Blender 2.80

1. [Download Booltron v2.4.0 (pre-release).][v2_4_0]<sup>1</sup>
2. Open `Edit` → `Preferences` → `Add-ons` category.
3. Use `Install` to install add-on from downloaded zip archive.
4. Read [quick tips](#quick-tips).

### Blender 2.79

1. [Download Booltron v2.3.1.][v2_3_1]<sup>1</sup>
2. Open `File` → `User Preferences` → `Add-ons` category.
3. Use `Install Add-on from File` to install add-on from downloaded zip archive.
4. Read [quick tips](#quick-tips).

<sup>1</sup> Note for mac users: Safari browser will automatically unpack downloaded zip archive, so in order to install the add-on, you have to pack folder with add-on files back into zip archive. Or use a different browser to download add-on.


Установка
==========================

### Blender 2.80

1. [Загрузите Booltron v2.4.0 (пре-релиз).][v2_4_0]<sup>1</sup>
2. Откройте `Edit` → `Preferences` → `Add-ons`.
3. Воспользуйтесь `Install` чтобы установить аддон из загруженного архива.
4. Ознакомьтесь с [советами](#советы).

### Blender 2.79

1. [Загрузите Booltron v2.3.1.][v2_3_1]<sup>1</sup>
2. Откройте `File` → `User Preferences` → `Add-ons`.
3. Воспользуйтесь `Install Add-on from File` чтобы установить аддон из загруженного архива.
4. Ознакомьтесь с [советами](#советы).

<sup>1</sup> Примечание для пользователей mac: браузер Safari автоматически распаковывает скачиваемые zip архивы, поэтому, чтобы установить аддон, необходимо запаковать папку с файлами аддона обратно в zip архив. Или используйте другой браузер для скачивания аддона.


Quick tips
==========================

Destructive:

* Supports Text and Curve objects.
* `Ctrl + tool`: invoke tool settings popup before execution.
* `Alt + tool`: execute tool with `Keep Objects` setting enabled.

Non-destructive:

* Supports Mesh only objects.
* Unifies secondary boolean objects into one combined object for faster boolean operations.


Советы
==========================

Деструктивные:

* Поддерживают Text и Curve объекты.
* `Ctrl + инструмент`: вызвать всплывающее меню настроек инструмента перед его использованием.
* `Alt + инструмент`: использовать инструмент с настройкой `Сохранить объекты`.

Недеструктивные:

* Поддерживают только Mesh объекты.
* Объединяют вспомогательные булевские объекты в один комбинированный объект для более быстрых булевых операций.


[v2_4_0]: https://github.com/mrachinskiy/booltron/releases/download/v2.4.0/booltron-2_4_0.zip
[v2_3_1]: https://github.com/mrachinskiy/booltron/releases/download/v2.3.1/booltron-2_3_1.zip

Commit message:

README: pre-release date and contributing section

README.md, after:

Booltron—super add-on for super fast booleans.

Features:

* Faster boolean operations with large number of objects.
* Destructive and non-destructive workflows.
* Works with Curve and Text objects.
* Various adjustment options to get better results from boolean operations.
* Checks for non-manifold.

**[Watch demo video.](https://youtu.be/KxbJSUQpw7I)**


How to install
==========================

### Blender 2.80

1. [Download Booltron v2.4.0 (March 18 pre-release).][v2_4_0]<sup>1</sup>
2. Open `Edit` → `Preferences` → `Add-ons` category.
3. Use `Install` to install add-on from downloaded zip archive.
4. Read [quick tips](#quick-tips).

### Blender 2.79

1. [Download Booltron v2.3.1.][v2_3_1]<sup>1</sup>
2. Open `File` → `User Preferences` → `Add-ons` category.
3. Use `Install Add-on from File` to install add-on from downloaded zip archive.
4. Read [quick tips](#quick-tips).

<sup>1</sup> Note for mac users: Safari browser will automatically unpack downloaded zip archive, so in order to install the add-on, you have to pack folder with add-on files back into zip archive. Or use a different browser to download add-on.


Установка
==========================

### Blender 2.80

1. [Загрузите Booltron v2.4.0 (пре-релиз от 18-03).][v2_4_0]<sup>1</sup>
2. Откройте `Edit` → `Preferences` → `Add-ons`.
3. Воспользуйтесь `Install` чтобы установить аддон из загруженного архива.
4. Ознакомьтесь с [советами](#советы).

### Blender 2.79

1. [Загрузите Booltron v2.3.1.][v2_3_1]<sup>1</sup>
2. Откройте `File` → `User Preferences` → `Add-ons`.
3. Воспользуйтесь `Install Add-on from File` чтобы установить аддон из загруженного архива.
4. Ознакомьтесь с [советами](#советы).

<sup>1</sup> Примечание для пользователей mac: браузер Safari автоматически распаковывает скачиваемые zip архивы, поэтому, чтобы установить аддон, необходимо запаковать папку с файлами аддона обратно в zip архив. Или используйте другой браузер для скачивания аддона.


Quick tips
==========================

Destructive:

* Supports Text and Curve objects.
* `Ctrl + tool`: invoke tool settings popup before execution.
* `Alt + tool`: execute tool with `Keep Objects` setting enabled.

Non-destructive:

* Supports Mesh only objects.
* Unifies secondary boolean objects into one combined object for faster boolean operations.


Советы
==========================

Деструктивные:

* Поддерживают Text и Curve объекты.
* `Ctrl + инструмент`: вызвать всплывающее меню настроек инструмента перед его использованием.
* `Alt + инструмент`: использовать инструмент с настройкой `Сохранить объекты`.

Недеструктивные:

* Поддерживают только Mesh объекты.
* Объединяют вспомогательные булевские объекты в один комбинированный объект для более быстрых булевых операций.


Contributing
==========================

### Did you find a bug?

* Ensure the bug can be reproduced in the latest add-on version.
* If error occurs on add-on installation or activation, check [how to install][install_guide] guide.
* [Open new issue][new_issue], be sure to include Blender and add-on versions, and screenshot showing the error message.


[v2_4_0]: https://github.com/mrachinskiy/booltron/releases/download/v2.4.0/booltron-2_4_0.zip
[v2_3_1]: https://github.com/mrachinskiy/booltron/releases/download/v2.3.1/booltron-2_3_1.zip
[install_guide]: https://github.com/mrachinskiy/booltron#how-to-install
[new_issue]: https://github.com/mrachinskiy/booltron/issues/new
